Master, I just danced, is it beautiful?
Xiaoxue, you are so handsome
That's necessary
I am the super intelligent end point developed by the master
This robot can actually match the conversation
Is he really self-aware?
The most important thing is that he can dance
This is definitely a complex movement for a robot
Who says I'm a robot?
I said I was the end point of the super intelligence developed by the master
Please call me Xiaoxue
Breeze, this is really a robot.
Hmm, how is that possible?
He really is like a person.
Do not touch me
Have you seen you?
Mr. Ganganmen
What kind of classmate Xiaoxue seems to be
Is it really stronger than our blue fat man?
That's not possible.
Let's hurry up and help Fatty Blue up, come on
Breeze
You put
You took the high-tech robot that Mr. Gen walked past
Broken it.
Can you afford it?
It's going to be really bad.
You can't afford to lose ten lives.
This is broken.
That means he is not of good quality either.
This crap is worthless to me.
You trash
Iron powder blue fat man built-in 100,000 blood bank
Can play almost any format in the world
Take it out with this design number program
Waiting for the junk of demand
Can you compare?
But Xiaoxue's classmates can dance
Fatty Blue can be a repeater, can you compare?
Fatty Blue can teach children to learn foreign languages
Are you comparable to this garbage?
But Xiaoxue's classmates learn to dance
Can you stop dancing if you are obedient?
OK.
Xiaoxue beat your blue fat man away
And we had a little dance.